a stunning fire ball flying by night sky over Canada
carrying a secret from the far reaches of the spaces
when me saw the fireball with temperatures exceeding 205
i was very excited we gonna big sign new that
there is the sting possibility of having recover fragment from it
cutting edge technologi makes this video right spot
one of the best document in the history
so we are able to use all this different techniques
to give as a complete 360 view of meteorite
now the race is arm to recover fragments and some turn up
in most unlikely of places
earth nearest visitor could provide the answer of origin of live
and th beggining of our solar system
one of the basic science qustion
how'd live begin
the answer of that